if you want to know more about the story
earth and other terrestrial planets
solar system where do you start with
over the years scientists have come to one of the most
common properties of solar
crater system of impact origin
these remaining of old times
planetary history of holes in the surface
can tell us a lot about how they
changed over time
but since even relatively new
impact crater on the ground
changed by the wind of rain
and snow sometimes even become lakes to us
you need to compare them with fresh crater
which looks as if only
what was formed and where can you find
such a crater but of course not on earth
but the moon is almost perfect what
we need a crater whether or not a small crater
strike origin in the western sea
clarity
he is very young and scientists have always thought
what is a wonderful example for
comparisons with other craters and now
thanks to the three-dimensional given bitch
satellite resolution nasa lunar
the orbital scout lr o scientists in this
quite sure and but why
use a crater on the moon why
it is this crater as opposed to craters
on earth and even mars many craters on
the moon is perfectly preserved because
erosion processes there very slowly but
even so not all lunar
craters are suitable for comparisons after
the formation of the crater into it can
repeatedly hit and other objects
who can change his original
form and so scientists were looking for a crater
which was able to keep all the characteristic
signs as there was a process in
crater formation is excellent length
suitable for these purposes receiving data
instrument or rock mounted on
satellite or po
scientists have confirmed that he remained so
how was immediately after his education
which makes it a great example for
comparisons they also found some
interesting and unexpected things
For decades, selenium lagis believed that
simple craters like if I form a bowl
but thanks to new data scientists
found that they are generally speaking
resemble an inverted cone and along with
other results it sheds new
the light is not only on the crater lina
but also on the evolution of similar craters on
earth moon and other planets giving us
better understanding of our history in
really simple form of flax and
a picture of the scattering of boulders on its edge
basic forensic geology tools
which will enable scientists to understand
how did the crater form on earth and mars
before the water and the wind destroyed
without such craters as if not on the moon but
would not know how to evolve
geologically form with time under
climate exposure weather and other
factors and all this due to the fact that
at first it might just seem
another surface hole